Skip to main content
C
HOME
BROWSE SUBMISSIONS
FAQ
PROJECT ARCHIVE
2024
2025
Pathfinder Pro(D27070)
Team Korfonta, Tristan P (US)
Promote
1
View Voters

Lockheed Martin offers a wealth of information about career pathways and development programs.​

The sheer volume of information is not only overwhelming, but also scattered across many websites, portals, and document libraries.​

Employees often struggle to locate the roles that align with their interest or know what skills they need to build to reach their career goal. There is simply no direction.​

Many employee's feel uneasy about asking about other roles with their managers, fearing it might be perceived as a lack of commitment to their current job.

Attachments (2)
2026 AI Intern Challenge Presentation Template (1).pptx
1.58MB
Organization / Team*
Pathfinder Pro
Solution Overview*

Common Features Across Career AI's:
﻿
﻿﻿User-First Approach: Turns ambition into a tangible plan, based on user feedback and their career progress (All levels and disciplines).
﻿
﻿﻿Recommend Resources: Consolidates all internal career resources into a single, easy-to-navigate conversation.​
(LMU, Atlas, Career Gateway…)
﻿
﻿﻿Resume Reader/Improver: Identifies skills gaps and allows users to improve their resume to help them land their next role.
﻿
﻿
﻿Unique to Pathfinder Pro:
﻿
﻿﻿Generate Pathway: Generates a personalized pathway for users to get to where they want to be.
﻿
﻿﻿Recommend Job Postings: Searches Lockheed Martin's most relevant and up-to-date job postings. (Dynamically)
﻿
﻿﻿Mentor Search:  Allows users to get information on potential technical leadership mentors. (Dynamically)
﻿
﻿
﻿

Value Proposition*

Accelerated Internal Mobility​

Reduce average time‑to‑internal‑hire from 90 days to 70 days (‑23%)​

Skill Gap Reduction​

Employees close 80% of identified gaps within 6 months via targeted training suggestions.

Improved Role Fit​

Match‑rate of recommended postings drastically increases.

Cost Saving​

Lower external recruiting spend by ≈ $1.2 M annually (fewer external hires, higher internal fill rate). Saved recruiter fees, advertising spend, and onboarding time. (Approximation)


Efficiency​

Efficiency: Faster matchmaking frees recruiters for strategic work.​

Quality​

Higher‑fit placements reduce turnover risk and increase productivity.






Additional Information

Pathfinder Pro is a one stop shop for internal career movement and advancement with unique capabilities such as dynamic job searching and generating a realistic and personalized pathway based on your background and experience.

Completed PowerPoint: Document Upload Certification*
I certify that I have uploaded my completed PowerPoint presentation to the required folder
linked above.
Link to Recorded Demo*
https://lmco.sharepoint.us/:v:/s/US-OneLM_AI_COE/IQAIKtGgplSaS56EvCxv38F8AYRp48h_yV-CDMeNU9KLGMw?e=Ol23Bw
Please provide the name of the Genesis Organization for your Agent(s):*
AI Intern Challenge - Pathfinder
Please provide the Agent Name(s) as listed in Genesis:*

Pathfinder Pro

Please certify that you have shared your Agent with the 2026 AI Intern Challenge Organization*
Yes
I certify that I have not attached or included any unallowable information (such as Third Party Proprietary Information, Classified Information, or Export Controlled Information) in this submission:*
Yes
Comments (0)
Comments (0)
C
Add a comment

No comments
Submitted
07/16/2026
Status
UNDER REVIEW
Stats
Vote Score
1
Votes
1
Rank
1
Unique Views
M
S
S
34
Total Views
75
Comments
0
Favorited
0
Progress
Stage: Evaluation
Linked Ideas
No linked Ideas